Well, guys.
So this was in the previous video we discussed about.
Finally Exponentials normal.
Now let's discuss about modular exponential.
So again, it's a binary exponential only, but under what conditions?
What is a mod, guys?
What does mod means?
It's a reminder, right?
So if I say ten more seven, is it.
Okay.
Generally what happens is that.
The answers for some certain and for some certain problems are huge.
If those answers are very huge, then what does compiler do that?
Of course, those answers cannot be calculated very easily because that will of course require a lot
of space and lot of time to be calculated, not lots of fast operations.
So what is the problem center do?
What does they do?
They say, okay, give me the answer by taking modulo with some prime number by marloes with prime numbers
because I leave it to you only find it out why we use multiple prime numbers.
I go over to the cryptography section over the internet.
Just search forwarding tick that.
Why do we always consider prime numbers?
Because there are lots of two items which are only applicable to prime numbers eight.
So.
Like 4 minutes later, the two of them and others do.
Well.
So what does he do is he says, okay, give me Ritalin mode, Rite Aid by taking a break.
Generally, guys, this frame is going to devour 9 to 7.
You might have seen it somewhere.
Eight other.
Okay, he says Give me more.
Because we all know about modular arithmetic operations.
They have to perform addition subtraction, multiplication and division using.
So that is already being discussed in the mathematics section.
So.
Here we will understand how to find out binary how to do this by the exponent intuition and the modulus
rate.
So let's see if I want to find out the power.
This is a pretty huge so little to devour.
So, again, guys, this this value is still huge, right?
Because due to the power.
Export is like around ten to about 18, which can be stored in C++, a long, long eight.
But so this is around ten to the power 98.
So.
But to do about 100 will be a huge value, right?
We won't be able to distort it.
But still, if I want to calculate, if I want to find out how it is, what is true to the power 100
and under some models statements eight you give me two to the power hundred with some models.
Let's dig more with some.
Let's call it integer mode.
So how will I do it using binary x1 intuition?
Very easy.
Is it?
So we all know that if I'm multiplying sum into V and I want to perform.
What?
There is less in models and we use less than models.
Then this becomes a mode.
So this becomes a.
And to be smart.
If I want to calculate this particular part, then it becomes like a mod mod into the mod mod, right?
And whole smart.
It's been multiplied to integers which are less demand and multiplying.
Take more, so I just multiply them and dig them out.
Right.
So similarly goes for additional.
So we do the same same stuff.
But that's not my point.
What I want to explain to you is that how is binary x1 intuition being done?
If I write it, let's say I'm finding in the in the way.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, 11, 11 times.
The heart is by an excellent intuition work.
It will take this money late, then it will take this to is to get there.
And then it will take this.
It is true.
Whether that is true to the power to the power to interpret the power, one will be able to read the
power level.
Hey, guys.
So.
Let's get back to the code.
What happens here is I always multiply in the resultant and then I see is it goes to a square.
What I want is I want all these values to be less than ten to the power, nine plus seven.
And I always want to keep them less than ten to the one number seven.
So how will I do that?
Very simple case, because as you can see, there's only one multiplication operation happening here.
That means if let's say they're doing this around ten to the overnight rate and is also going to the
power and I would have nine lines.
And if I multiply them, both of them will have 18 length.
That particular length over time can be stored in long, long integer eight.
Similarly, guys, this can also be stored in long long integer eight.
But after calculating both these values, what I'll do is I simply take what I just reduce the values
less than ten to the power.
Nine plus seven.
I just take a mode.
To facilitate me, see if this could.
Finally.
And now it's the new cold.
Yeah.
So here, what we'll do is we'll simply do a modular exponential rate so far that let's take on standard
mode.
So I'm.
I am digging a go on standard mode, guys, because generally constraint is not necessary.
Yeah, this is not necessarily we can dig into mode.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
I'm just taking it as a global variable because in power function it will be used by calculating factorial.
Might be it will be used right instead of passing it over here.
Just triggered as a global variable.
Because what happens is if in a particular cold.
In a particular problem.
If you want the result mod from prime number, the prime number will not only be used in this power
function but everywhere in the code, wherever you are doing it in addition or subtraction or multiplication
or division.
It's better to take more rather than to pass it individually to all the methods.
Well, so I reckon these are going to be equal to one.
I don't have to take more because it is already less than name of the seven.
So these are.
The problem here is that if I multiply resulting in two in both of them all of the intended to be over
nine.
So this will go in the into the re indefinitely populated into.
Indeed won't be able to store that eight for that.
I have already told you a workaround that is let's define.
In this long long will always we have long, long integers, days or what, and we don't have to worry
about the other stuff.
So after multiplying both of these values, what we'll do is we'll simply take more data.
So let's dig more side by side resulting.
Ahmad and again for AOL to pledge to the same.
So why am I doing this?
Because this ensures that aid immensely isn't going to devour nameless women and is also remains less
than tainted by nameless.
So that whenever I do this magical multiplication and I take this squared off.
Both of them go at max and do the voting.
Because this is designed as intended by winning.
In the end, they tend to devour it in number and be stored in a long, long and tedious nature.
That's why they take them to the tip of an impossible.
They do, because if I multiply them, they'd multiply two numbers of this particular value.
Then they are, they are.
They get stored in a long, long integer.
That's what we want.
And whenever I'm multiplying them and again, like.
On this one.
I'm taking what I don't want the value to exceed this particular value.
Right.
Because they're used in calculations again.
So A to deliver 20 will be very easy, the same value, but let's say to do about 200.
This will give me more with this particular value.
So this is not to talk about.
It is to keep our 200 moored going to Dubai when an implicit.
And if I take remainders and my right agreement is to make our values in the limit that our language,
our compiler can hold will.
So this was about more direction, intuition, not much changes only we just took more side by side.
We don't.
We don't ever take more by berate in the way.
Because we are dividing it, multiplying.
We're adding it by something.
It has to be in binary.
Don't ever take more than two days.
Otherwise, the value of B will change.
And then there will be some of the binary rate.
So thank you, guys.
See you in the next part.